Add bcrypt and dolphinscheduler files (#258)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/bcrypt.md

---

> name: Bcrypy

Author: ```suggestion
name: Bcrypt
```

> category: Secutiry

Author: Security is a group. please add specific category.

description: Bcrypt is a secure password hashing function that uses a salt to guard against rainbow table attacks and includes an adjustable cost factor to increase resistance to brute-force attacks.
download_url: https://github.com/pyca/bcrypt/tags
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: v1.0.0
    release_date: 2013/05/11
 
 
optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://pypi.org/project/bcrypt/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://github.com/pyca/bcrypt/blob/main/README.rst
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:
 
optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum:
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: There is no specific release note related to adding support for  Arm64/linux. Though the python wheels for arm64 platform  are available since v3.1.7 but pacckage has support for Arm64 since first release version 1.0.0.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: There is no specific release note related to Arm64. Though the python wheels for arm64 platform  are available since v3.1.7 but package has support for Arm64 since first release version 1.0.0.
```
